[OSDOCS#17160] application-health CQA (#117425)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/odc-editing-health-checks.adoc

// applications/application-health

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="odc-editing-health-checks_{context}"]
= Editing health checks using the Developer perspective

[role="_abstract"]
You can edit, remove, or add readiness, liveness, and startup probes on a deployed application from the *Topology* view in the *Developer* perspective. Use the *Edit Health Checks* page to update probe parameters, remove probes, or add new probe types.

.Prerequisites

* You have switched to the *Developer* perspective in the web console.
* You have created and deployed an application on {product-title} using the *Developer* perspective.
* You have added health checks to your application.

.Procedure

. In the *Topology* view, right-click your application and select *Edit Health Checks*.

> . Optional: In the side panel, click the *Actions* drop-down list and select *Edit Health Checks*.

Reviewer: This isn't a step, it's an alternative, so this change should be reverted, and it should go back to

```suggestion
. In the *Topology* view, right-click your application and select *Edit Health Checks*. Alternatively, in the side panel, click the *Actions* drop-down list and select *Edit Health Checks*.
```

Author: reverted
